Well everyone now welcome to the Gigia to training exercise lecture and this lecture will go over the
Gigia plot to training exercise problems.
Keep in mind that this is separate from the data visualization project.
These are just a few plots I want you to recreate in GZ plot to to get you to feel comfortable if she's
your plot too and the grammar of graphics framework.
Let's go ahead and jump to the notebook which is under the training exercises folder and it's called
Gigia plus two exercises and the go to that note book now.
All right.
Here I am at the notebook GZA plot to exercises and where you're going to do it just recreate the falling
plots shown below.
Don't worry if your plots don't match exactly what is shown below as far as theme or colors as long
as you have a general understanding.
Geez you put two in the grammar of graphics.
You should be fine.
In other important know that due to the HMO format some of these images may be distorted from the conversion
to a web format and most likely you're going to have a much nicer looking image when you produce these
in our studio for the first few plots.
I want you to use the MPG data set.
There's a histogram of highway mpg values.
I want you to recreate and then I also want you to create a bar plot of car counts per manufacturer
.
What's the color film defined by the cylinder count so that it looks like this.
Here we have the count in the bar plot.
And also you can see here that the factor of the cell there is necessary in order to color that cylinder
count.
Hopefully you can figure that out then you're going to switch the T-Rex housing data set that comes
a cheesy plot to meaning you'll have to call the library G-G plot 2 first before we can actually see
this T-Rex housing data set.
Then what are you going to do is create a scatterplot of volume versus sales that will look something
like this.
And what I want you to do is afterwards play around with Alpha and color arguments to try to clarify
the information.
Now there's a little bit of alpha here and some transparency to these points.
Once you're done with that just at a smooth fit line to the scatterplot from above and you may need
to look up GM underscore smooth in order to fully understand this.
And it should look something like this and this sort of plot will come in handy for the data visualization
project.
All right.
That's all you have to do in the next lecture.
We'll do a Gigia plot to exercise solutions walkthrough for these basic plots.
And after that you'll have the data visualization project in a data visualization project.
We're going to be recreating a real visualization.
Use that.
The Economist magazine.
All right.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture